- GLENNON FROM THE SHOTGUN.
DROPS BACK--
- NO!
INTERCEPTION!
GOD--
UGH.
[laughs]
[phone ringing]
- WHAT?
- FROM THE COUCH,
CROUCHED, FACE ALMOST
TO THE FLOOR,
SANDWICH IN MY RIGHT HAND,
FLICKED THE PICKLE
INTO THE TRASH CAN,
SWISH, NO PLASTIC.
- HMM, CROUCHED?
- CROUCHED.
- YOU KNOW WHAT THE MOST
IMPRESSIVE THING ABOUT THAT IS?
- THE DISTANCE.
- NO.
THE FACT THAT YOU DIDN'T
EAT THE PICKLE SLICE
WHEN IT FELL
ON THE FLOOR.
CALL ME BACK AFTER
YOU HIT THREE IN A ROW.
HEY, WHAT'S THE SCORE ON
THE ATLANTA-TAMPA BAY GAME?
- SHITTY HELMETS 17,
SHITTIER HELMETS
IN PEWTER PANTS 3.
- THE BUCCANEERS
ARE THE WORST.
IF THEY GOT A GAY PLAYER
ON TAMPA BAY,
HE AIN'T COMIN'
OUT OF THE CLOSET TILL
HE GETS TRADED TO A TEAM
WITH BETTER UNIFORMS.
- YEAH, THIS GAME'S OVER.
- WELCOME BACK TO
THE NATIONAL SPELLING BEE.
YOUR WORD
IS "ELUCUBRATE."
- SHIT.
ASK FOR A DEFINITION, KID.
- DEFINITION, PLEASE.
- GOOD GIRL.
- "TO WORK OUT
WITH GREAT DIFFICULTY."
- WHAT, LIKE IN THE GYM?
- NO, ASSHOLE.
IN LITERATURE, TO CREATE
A GREAT LITERARY WORK.
- 10 BUCKS SAYS
THERE'S A "K."
- THERE'S NO "K."
- 10 BUCKS.
- YOU ON, BITCH.
- ELUCUBRATE.
E-L-U-C...
U-B-R-A-T-E.
[ding]
- CORRECT.
- BAH, NO WAY
THAT KID'S NINE.
- KNOW WHAT ELSE
DON'T HAVE A "K"?
CASH.
YOU OWE ME 10 BUCKS.
- OHH.
[knock at door]
- WHO'S THAT?
- OH, IT'S THERESA.
- UH-OH.
WHAT'D YOU DO THIS TIME?
- I DON'T KNOW.
I WAS GONNA ASK YOU
THE SAME THING.
- WHEW, CALL ME BACK.
GODSPEED.
- IS EVERYTHING OKAY?
- MM.
- MM-MM-MM.
- MMM.
- OH, YOU'RE DRUNK.
- YEP.
COME HERE.
- OH. WELL,
I-I CAN'T DO THAT.
I'D BE TAKING ADVANTAGE
OF YOU.
- THAT IS THE WHOLE POINT.
- OH, GOD.
UM--I'M TRYING
TO ELUCUBRATE
THE RIGHT THING
TO DO HERE.
- LUCA--WHAT?
- BRATE.
- I MUST BE DRUNKER
THAN I THOUGHT.
- OKAY, LET'S DO THIS.
HOW MANY, UM,
DRINKS DID YOU HAVE?
- MM. FOUR GIN AND TONICS...
- UH-HUH.
- AND A LITTLE
TASTY RED THING.
- OKAY.
FIVE DRINKS.
WELL, CALCULATING
YOUR BODY WEIGHT,
I'M GONNA NEED
SIX DRINKS TO CATCH UP.
RIGHT? OKAY.
- RIGHT.
- SIX SHOTS TO CATCH UP.
- SHOTS, SHOTS,
SHOTS, SHOTS.
- YEAH, OKAY.
- OKAY.
- OH, MY GOD.
- YES.
GET IT.
- ONE.
KEEP GOING.
YOU'LL GET IT OFF.
I TRUST YOU.
YEP, KICK IT.
JUST KEEP KICKING IT.
YOU'LL GET IT.
THERE YOU GO.
BE CAREFUL.
- OH, OH, WHOA!
[groan]
- I MIGHT NEED SEVEN.
- I FOUND A DOLLAR
UNDER YOUR COUCH.
- OH, IT'S A TIP.
- THANKS.
- [chuckling]
- [gasps]
I FOUND ANOTHER DOLLAR.
- IT'S YOUR LUCKY DAY, HUH?
[chuckling]
OKAY. WHERE YOU GOING?
SLOW DOWN.
[upbeat music]
*
- * SUCKER-PUNCHED
BY THE CLOCK *
* BUCKLED TO THE KNEES
* CHECKER CAB CURLED
BY THE SIDE OF A TREE *
* INTO THE GROWL OF THE CITY
WITH A DEAFENING CRY *
* AGAIN I RIDE
- HEY, DUDLEY MOORE.
- NO.
- OOH.
- NO!
- WE'VE GOT TO GO TO WORK.
[chuckling]
- ON A SCALE OF
ONE TO DEAN MARTIN,
HOW DRUNK
WAS I LAST NIGHT?
- UM, TWO.
TWO DEAN MARTINS.
- OY.
- UH-HUH.
[chuckling]
- SO THE SEX?
- YEAH.
- IT WAS FUN.
- YEAH, IT WAS.
- AND I WAS THINKING--
- UH-OH.
- IT COULD BE FUN AGAIN.
- YOU MEAN, LIKE,
RIGHT NOW?
- NOPE. RIGHT NOW MY HEAD
IS A JACKHAMMER.
- OKAY.
- LOOK.
WE ARE BOTH BUSY.
- MM-HMM.
- WE BOTH HAVE NEEDS.
I MISS YOU.
YOU MISS ME.
- MM-HMM.
- SO WHAT DO YOU SAY?
YOU WANT TO
HAVE SEX SOMETIMES?
- UH, SO--
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
- SEX.
JUST SEX, YOU KNOW, LIKE,
A COUPLE TIMES A WEEK.
- REALLY?
- YEAH.
- I--YOU WANT
TO JUST HAVE SEX
WITH ME A COUPLE TIMES A WEEK
WITHOUT ANY OF
THE RELATIONSHIP-Y STUFF?
IS THAT WHAT
YOU'RE PROPOSING?
- YEAH. IT'S EXACTLY
WHAT I AM PROPOSING.
- UH--
[laughs]
- WHAT?
- NOTHING.
- YOU DON'T THINK
I CAN DO THIS.
- I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
BUT I DON'T THINK--
- I CAN DO THIS.
- I DON'T THINK
YOU CAN DO THIS.
- NO DATING, NO DINNERS,
NO LONG TALKS
OR TEXTING AFTER,
NO STAYING OVER.
WE JUST GET TOGETHER,
HAVE A BLAST
A COUPLE TIMES A WEEK.
IT DOESN'T EVEN
MEAN ANYTHING.
IT DOESN'T MEAN WE'RE
GETTING BACK TOGETHER.
IT DOESN'T MEAN WE'RE NOT
IT'S JUST PURE,
RAW ANIMAL DESIRE.
WHAT?
- I MEAN THIS IS
EVERY GUY'S FANTASY.
A GORGEOUS GIRL WANTS TO
HOOK UP WITHOUT ANY ATTACHMENTS.
- WELL.
- I'M IN.
- COOL.
- CLINK ON IT.
- OKAY.
- WELL, HERE WE GO.
- WELL, HERE WE DO IT.
- OKAY.
- WE'RE DOING IT.
- YOU JUST HAVE A--
- WE'RE GONNA DO IT.
- NEVER MIND.
- JUST 'CAUSE
YOU CLINKED ON IT,
DOESN'T MEAN SHIT.
- I DON'T KNOW,
CLINKING CAN BE
PRETTY SERIOUS STUFF
WHEN IT COMES TO GIRLS.
- THANK YOU, BRIAN.
- I CLINKED ON A BET
WITH MY COUSIN MAGDA ONCE...
- YEAH?
- ENDED UP TAKING HER
TO FOUR DIFFERENT WEDDINGS.
AND BELIEVE ME,
IT WAS NOT LIKE THE MOVIE.
- SO YOU DON'T THINK
THAT TWO PEOPLE
CAN HAVE SEX
THAT'S JUST SEX?
- NO. I THINK TWO PEOPLE
CAN DO IT.
I'VE SEEN FOUR OR FIVE PEOPLE
DO IT AT THE SAME TIME.
I DON'T THINK
YOU CAN DO IT.
- NO. SEINFELD DID IT.
- NO, HE DIDN'T.
THAT WAS THE POINT
OF THE EPISODE.
- HEY, WHO DO YOU THINK
WE'D BE?
YOU'D BE JERRY, OF COURSE.
YOU'D BE GEORGE...
- WHAT?
- AND I'D BE KRAMER
AND ELAINE.
- I DON'T GET WHY YOU
GET TO BE ELAINE.
I'M A MUCH BETTER ELAINE.
HEY, WHERE'S THE PATIENT?
- OH, HELLO.
ACTUALLY, BEFORE
YOU GUYS COME IN HERE,
CAN I JUST FIND OUT
YOUR DISCLOSURE POLICY?
I THINK WE'RE OWED THAT.
- WHAT?
- ANSWER ME
THESE QUESTIONS THREE.
- OKAY, BOYS, LOOKS LIKE
WE HAVE OURSELVES A WIZARD.
- NO, NO.
OKAY, LISTEN.
YOU GUYS, DO WE HAVE
DOCTOR-PATIENT CONFIDENTIALITY?
- HEY, RELAX.
WE'RE NOT COPS.
- WE'RE JUST HERE
TO HELP YOU GUYS.
- YOU HAVE ANSWERED CORRECTLY.
- DO YOU GRANT US
SAFE PASSAGE?
- OH, BRIAN, COME ON.
- THAT'S GOOD, OKAY, SORRY.
- WE WERE TOLD THAT SOMEONE
WAS STRUCK
BY SOME SORT OF
SPORTING EQUIPMENT.
- [chuckle]
OH, NOT STRUCK BRO, IMPALED.
- HE GOT STUCK
BY HIS OWN JART.
- HE SELF-JARTED.
- THE MAN SELF-JARTED.
[indistinct chatter]
- OOH.
[sigh]
[overlapping chatter]
- THIS COULDN'T BE
OUR CUSTOMER RIGHT HERE,
COULD IT?
- SEE WHAT HAPPENS
WHEN PEOPLE GET DRUNK?
THEY DO STUPID SHIT THAT
THEY'LL REGRET LATER ON.
- ALL RIGHT, GUY,
LET'S TAKE A LOOK.
- HEY, GUYS.
- HEY, HOW ARE YOU?
- WE'VE GOT AN
ALCOHOL-RELATED INJURY.
THE PATIENT HAS
WHAT APPEARS TO BE
A LAWN DART
LODGED IN HIS BACK.
OBVIOUS CASE OF L.M.C.
- L.M.C.?
- LOW MARBLE COUNT.
- [laughs]
THAT IS AWESOME.
- THAT IS AWESOME.
- I THOUGHT THEY OUTLAWED
THESE THINGS IN THE '80s?
- OH, YEAH. WE'RE, LIKE,
TOTALLY OFF THE GRID.
- NONE OF THIS
IS HAPPENING, MAN.
- BUT IF IT WERE HAPPENING,
THEN THIS WOULD BE
THE NORTH SIDE
JART INVITATIONAL.
AND YOU WOULD BE
WATCHING THE SEMIFINALS.
- YES.
- OH.
IS THIS, LIKE,
A GROUP THING,
OR AN INDIVIDUAL SPORT, OR--
- IT'S FOUR TEAMS OF FOUR,
ROUND-ROBIN PLAY.
THE JART MUST BE THROWN
AT LEAST AS HIGH AS THAT
THIRD STORY APARTMENT WINDOW,
BUT NO HIGHER
THAN THE SMOLINSKI'S
SUNSHADE.
- QUESTION. WHAT IF
THE SUNSHADE ISN'T OUT?
- I'M GLAD YOU ASKED THAT.
WINTER RULES APPLY.
ANYTHING GOES.
- WINTER'S COMING.
- OHH. HE DOES THAT.
- YOU KNOW, YOU'RE LUCKY
THIS THING DIDN'T HIT AN ARTERY.
- I THINK YOU MEAN
A JARTERY.
[laughter]
- NEXT ONE GETS A PUNCH.
- WE WERE JUST
JARTING AROUND.
[all snickering]
- SIR, WE'RE GONNA
HAVE TO TAKE YOU IN.
OH, SEE, LOOK.
WE GOT 12 DUDES HERE.
GOOD TIME FOR
THE UNOFFICIAL POLL.
HEY, HOW MANY OF YOU GUYS
ARE JUST IN RELATIONSHIPS
TO HOOK UP AND HAVE SEX?
- HOW MANY OF YOU GUYS
ARE IN RELATIONSHIPS?
- I NEED YOU
TO LIE STILL, SIR.
- I CAN'T GET A GOOD ANGLE.
LIKE, I WANT TO GET
THE JART IN MY BACK.
BUT I WANT MY FACE
TO BE, LIKE,
"WHAT JART IN MY BACK?"
- YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE
IS IN YOUR BACK?
YOUR SPINE.
- GIVE ME THAT.
DON'T MOVE.
- HOW DO I LOOK?
- LIKE A DAMN HORS D'OEUVRE.
- YES, THAT'S THE CAPTION.
OH, SHIT.
- MM-HMM.
- YOU DON'T THINK THERESA
AND I CAN PULL THIS OFF?
- OH, I THINK THERESA
CAN PULL IT OFF NO PROBLEM.
IT'S YOU I'M WORRIED ABOUT.
- YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT ME?
- YEP.
- BRO, IT'S A NO-BRAINER.
IT'S JUST SEX.
IT'S THE PART OF
THE RELATIONSHIP I'M GOOD AT.
HOW CAN I SCREW THIS UP?
- BECAUSE YOU'RE YOU,
AND BECAUSE UNDERNEATH
THAT SPORTS-LOVING MAN'S-MAN
GUY'S-GUY HEART OF YOURS
IS A TINY LITTLE VAGINA.
NOW I DON'T MEAN THAT
IN A BAD WAY.
IT'S A LOVING,
SUPPORTIVE VAGINA.
- AW.
- KNOCK IT OFF, BRIAN.
- IT SOUNDED
LIKE A GOOD THING.
- IT'S NOT.
- LOOK.
YOU'RE NOT IN IT
FOR THE ACTION.
YOU LIKE THE TALKING
AND THE EMOTIONAL ATTACHMENT.
FACE THE FACTS, BRO.
- I LIKE THE SEX.
I CAN DO THIS.
- YOU'RE GONNA STEP ON
YOUR OWN DICK HERE, PAL.
- WHICH ONE IS IT?
DO I HAVE A DICK
OR A VAGINA?
- HE HAS BOTH, ACTUALLY,
IN A GOOD WAY.
- NOTHING WRONG WITH A MAN
WHO'S GOT A LITTLE
SQUISH MITTEN IN HIM.
- I DON'T HAVE A--
IS THAT WHAT YOU CALL YOUR--
- YEP.
SQUISH MITTEN, LOVE TACO,
CUPCAKE,
DEPENDS ON THE DAY.
- COME ON, I'M TRYING
TO READ HERE.
I DON'T WANT TO HAVE
TO HEAR ABOUT
WHAT YOU
CALL YOUR PRIVATE STUFF.
- LOOK.
WHEN I STARTED HERE
20 YEARS AGO,
IT WAS JUST YOU,
DOYLE, STEGS,
AND A BUNCH OF GUYS TALKING
ABOUT YOUR DICKS ALL DAY.
NOW, IT'S A NEW WORLD.
WE GOT SOME GIRLS UP IN HERE
AND WE'RE GONNA
CALL OUR BUSINESS
WHATEVER WE WANT.
HAM WALLET.
- MM-HMM.
- YOU HAD TO START IN
WITH THE SEX TALK.
- IT WASN'T ME.
IT WAS HANK.
- BIRTH CANNON.
- CHA-CHA.
- THE VELVETEEN RABBIT.
THAT WAS MY SISTER'S
FAVORITE BOOK.
I TOTALLY RUINED IT
FOR HER.
[laughter]
- YOU'RE A SENSITIVE MAN,
FARRELL.
YOU GOT A LITTLE BIT
OF GIRL IN YOU.
AND I, FOR ONE,
AM GONNA GO ON RECORD
AS SAYING I FIND THAT
VERY ATTRACTIVE.
- THERE ARE ACTUALLY
SEVERAL VARIETIES
OF FISH THAT
ARE HERMAPHRODITIC.
IN FACT, THERE'S ONE SPECIES
OFF THE COAST
OF AUSTRALIA THAT CAN
GROW THE OTHER GENITALIA,
AND HAVE SEX WITH ITSELF
WHENEVER IT WANTS.
- REALLY?
- WHAT IS IT CALLED?
- A HAPPY GODDAMN FISH.
[laughter]
- I NEED A RULING, HERE.
DO YOU THINK THE JART QUALIFIES
AS AN IMPALEMENT?
- SURE, IF IT'S POKING OUT
OF A GUY'S
SHOULDER MEAT LIKE THAT.
SURE.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- HE'S GOT AN E.M.T.
BUCKET LIST IN THERE.
THE THINGS HE HOPES TO SEE
AND DO ON THE JOB.
- IMPALEMENT IS NUMBER ONE.
- CASH, COME ON.
- YOU STOP
EATING MY TWIXES,
I'LL STOP READING STUFF
YOU LEAVE LAYING AROUND.
- DELIVERING A BABY--
YOU HAVEN'T DONE THAT YET?
- WE DELIVERED A BABY
LAST MONTH.
HE WOULDN'T LET ME
KEEP THE PLACENTA.
- YOU'VE ALREADY
GOT AN UMBILICAL CORD.
- NARCAN?
- YEAH.
THE THING WHERE
YOU JAB A PERSON WITH IT,
AND BRING HIM BACK TO LIFE,
LIKE IN PULP FICTION.
- I FORGOT IT WAS
EVEN CALLED NARCAN.
SEVEN YEARS ON THE JOB,
I'VE ONLY SEEN,
LIKE, TWO DEAD JUNKIES.
- THE DAYS OF THE SKINNY-ASS,
HEROIN-DOPE-SHOOTING JUNKIES
ARE OVER.
- YEAH, IT'S ALL METH HEADS
AND CRACK HEADS NOW.
AND WE SHOW UP AND
THEY AIN'T EVEN DEAD.
- AND THEY'RE USUALLY RANTING
AND RAVING
AND THROWING CRAZY
JACKIE CHAN KARATE KICKS.
- HAD THIS ONE GUY
A COUPLE MONTHS AGO
WAVING A MACHETE AROUND,
SCREAMING ABOUT
BEING OBAMA'S COUSIN.
IT TURNS OUT
HE ACTUALLY WAS.
[phone chimes]
- IT'S THERESA, AND SHE
WANTS TO HOOK UP TONIGHT.
- ALL RIGHT, NOW,
DON'T SCREW THIS UP.
- I GOT THIS, MAN.
I'M A SEX MACHINE.
- I'M A SEX MACHINE.
- WHAT?
- OR I THINK I MIGHT
BE PART MACHINE,
BECAUSE I LIKE SEX WITHOUT
ANY EMOTIONAL ATTACHMENT.
- RIGHT?
WHO DOESN'T?
- YOU...LOVE TACO.
- SHUT UP, DICK.
[both panting]
- A LOT OF EYE CONTACT
THERE ON THAT ONE, BUDDY.
- OH, SORRY.
- IT'S OKAY.
YOU WERE FOCUSED,
AND IT PAID OFF.
- I WAS...
- MM-HMM.
- WASN'T I?
I THINK THAT MY FOCUS
HAS IMPROVED
SINCE I GOT INTO TENNIS.
- YOU'RE PLAYING TENNIS?
- NO, I WAS JUST WATCHING IT.
BUT IF YOU DON'T
REALLY CONCENTRATE,
IT GETS SUPER BORING.
- [giggles]
- YOU HUNGRY?
- WHOA, HOLD ON THERE,
BIG GUY.
- WHAT?
- WE AGREED,
NO HANGING AROUND,
NO FOOD, JUST SEX,
REMEMBER?
- RIGHT, RIGHT.
HOW ABOUT A SANDWICH?
- SORRY, THAT FALLS
UNDER THE FOOD RULE.
- YOU SAID, "NO DINNER."
IF I'D KNOWN SANDWICHES
WERE OFF THE TABLE,
I MIGHT NOT
HAVE AGREED TO THIS.
- HEY, WE HAVE
TO HAVE BOUNDARIES
OR THIS ISN'T GONNA WORK.
- IT JUST DID WORK, BABE.
TWICE-ISH.
AND A LOT OF WHAT
I JUST DID,
HONEY, FUELED BY SANDWICHES.
- OKAY.
YOU GOTTA GO.
- OH, WELL, OKAY.
JUST, CAN I HAVE A WATER?
- YEAH.
I CAN MAKE THAT HAPPEN.
- YOU FELT USED?
- AH, A LITTLE BIT.
YES.
- BECAUSE SHE WOULDN'T
GIVE YOU A SANDWICH?
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO TIP YOUR HAT,
THANK HER FOR THE SEX,
AND GET YOUR OWN SANDWICH.
IT'S CHICAGO,
YOU CAN'T WALK FIVE FEET
WITHOUT RUNNING
INTO A GODDAMN SANDWICH.
- IT'S A VERY GOOD
SANDWICH TOWN.
- SHE TAPPED ME
ON THE ASS.
- I THINK A LOT OF GUYS
WOULD LIKE
TO HAVE THERESA TAP THEM
ON THE ASS.
NOT ME, JUST RANDOM GUYS.
- I TAP GUYS ON THE ASS
AS THEY LEAVE MY APARTMENT
ALL THE GODDAMN TIME.
IT'S A COMPLIMENT.
- I FELT LIKE
A PIECE OF MEAT.
AND THEN I TEXTED HER
THIS MORNING,
TELLING HER
I HAD A GREAT TIME,
AND SHE HASN'T
TEXTED ME BACK YET.
AND I DON'T CARE
WHAT YOU SAY.
THAT'S A MATTER OF MANNERS.
- OH, MY GOD.
- CHICAGO NORTH 911,
MAN UNCONSCIOUS
AT CORNER OF NORTH KEDZIE
AND DIVISION
INSIDE HUMBOLDT PARK.
- A HALF MILE AWAY.
- AMBULANCE 14 RESPONDING.
[siren blaring]
- [crying]
- WHAT'S HE ON?
WHAT'S HE ON, MISS?
- HEROIN.
- GREAT.
- DON'T JUDGE US.
- WOULDN'T DREAM OF IT.
HELLO, SIR, WAKE UP.
HE'S STILL GOT A PULSE.
BRIAN, THIS IS YOU.
- NARCAN NEEDLE?
OH, MY GOD,
IT'S HAPPENING.
- HERE YOU GO, BRIAN.
- COME ON, DO IT.
- IT'S REALLY HAPPENING,
SERIOUSLY?
- YOU GOT THIS.
- JUST SLAM IT RIGHT IN THERE.
- NO, BUT IN MY CLASS,
THEY SAID THAT I HAVE
TO PUT THE NEEDLE IN SLOW,
UNLESS THE VICTIM'S GONNA--
- PUKE? NO,
YOU GOT A DEAD MAN HERE.
NOT YET, I MEAN,
THAT'S WHY WE'RE HERE.
- LOOK, DO IT
OR GIVE IT TO ME.
- MY INSTRUCTOR SAID
I HAVE TO PUT IT--
- THEY DON'T PUKE, BRIAN.
THEY WAKE UP
AND THROW CRAZY JUNKIE PUNCHES.
NOW, JAM IT IN
AND THEN DUCK.
GO, GO.
- LET'S GO.
JUST STICK IT IN THERE.
- AAH!
- ONE MISSISSIPPI.
TWO MISSISSIPPI.
- [gasps]
- OH, BABY!
- IT WORKED.
- YOU'RE A HERO, BRIAN.
- ARE YOU OKAY?
- YOU RUINED MY HIGH, MAN.
[vomits]
- OH.
- LET'S TAKE A PICTURE.
- MISS, WOULD YOU MIND
TAKING A PICTURE
OF THE THREE OF US?
- UH, OKAY.
- BRIAN, HAND HER
YOUR PHONE.
- WE'LL CHECK YOUR VITALS
AND EVERYTHING
IN ONE SECOND, SIR.
IT'S ON HIS BUCKET LIST.
- THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- SURE, YEAH, UH,
OKAY.
I DON'T--
- [laughs]
- NICE. GOOD JOB.
- I DON'T--
- OH, YOU HAVE TO--
- HONEY, THEY CHANGED IT.
IT'S RIGHT HERE NOW.
- OH, RIGHT. OKAY.
- SEE. THE KEY
IS I SAY IT TO HER
IN A WAY THAT
DOESN'T DIMINISH HER.
- SURE.
- OKAY, OKAY.
[overlapping chatter]
ONE, TWO, THREE.
- DAMN, THOSE
SOME FAST JUNKIES.
GUESS YOU GOT TO BE
MORE CAREFUL WHAT
YOU WISH FOR, HUH, BRIAN?
- YOU KIDDING ME?
I'M GONNA HAVE
THIS MEMORY FOREVER.
- YEAH, BUT YOU AIN'T
GONNA HAVE THAT PICTURE.
- IT'S ALL BACKED UP
RIGHT HERE.
- I DON'T GET IT.
THERESA AND I ARE ALWAYS
TRYING TO STAY TOGETHER.
WE FIGHT, WE BREAK UP,
WE COME UP
WITH THESE CRAZY SEX PLANS.
AND LOOK AT THESE TWO,
THEY CAN'T EVEN
STAY ALIVE WITHOUT US,
BUT SOMEHOW
THEY CAN
MAKE A RELATIONSHIP WORK.
LOOK AT THEM, THEY'RE RUNNING
AWAY HOLDING HANDS.
- AW.
- WHAT DO THEY HAVE THAT
ME AND THERESA DON'T?
- WELL, THEY DO
SHARE A HOBBY.
- MM.
- [laughs]
- SO THEN HE GOT--
SO THE NEEDLE'S IN,
AND THEN HE JUST
THROWS UP ALL OVER ME.
[laughter]
[phone chimes]
- SEX ALERT.
- YEAH, BUT I'M
NOT IN THE MOOD,
SO I'M JUST
GONNA IGNORE THAT.
- WHAT KIND OF REACTION
IS THAT TO A SEX ALERT
FROM A PRETTY GIRL,
WHOSE JOB
REQUIRES HER
TO HAVE HANDCUFFS?
- WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU,
LOVE TACO?
- YOU KNOW WHAT, JOHNNY,
EVERYBODY'S
GIVING YOU THE BUSINESS
ABOUT BEING PART GIRL,
BUT YOU'RE NOT.
- THANK YOU.
- BECAUSE IF YOU WERE,
YOU WOULD KNOW THAT
THERESA'S TEXTING YOU
RIGHT NOW
BECAUSE SHE WANTS
TO BE WITH YOU.
I'M PART GIRL, AND I KNOW
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
THERESA WANTS
TO GET BONED BAD.
GO BONE HER.
- LISTEN TO HER.
- OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'RE RIGHT.
I'M GONNA GO OVER THERE,
RIGHT NOW.
- BRING HER SOME FLOWERS.
- AND, HERE, DRINK THIS.
- OKAY.
- BRAIN FREEZE.
- PERFECT.
YOU THINK TOO MUCH.
- OKAY.
- GO.
- HE AIN'T GONNA MAKE IT.
- NO.
[knock at door]
[rock music]
*
- * BABY,
HERE COMES MY SIGNAL *
* RINGING LOUD AND CLEAR
* SHOUTING LIKE A BELTONE
* IN THE ATMOSPHERE
* THE RIVER IS RISING
* I CAN'T HOLD
BACK MUCH LONGER *
* I'LL BE RIGHT OVER,
DARLING *
* OH, CAN'T YOU
PICK UP MY SIGNAL *
* OH, COMING ON STRONG
* OH, THERE CAN BE
NO DENYING *
* OH, THIS FEELING
IN MY SOUL *
* OH, I'M ROARING LIKE A LION
ON THE INSIDE *
* BABY, WON'T YOU
OPEN UP YOUR DOOR *
* THE RIVER IS RISING
* I CAN'T HOLD BACK
MUCH LONGER *
- YO!
- HOLY SHIT.
- 25 MINUTES.
- WHAT'D I TELL YOU, HUH?
WAS THERE GOOD BONING?
- OH, THERE WAS.
- OH, YEAH!
- WERE THERE HANDCUFFS?
- THERE WERE.
AND MY DAIQUIRI'S
STILL FROZEN.
[laughter]
- REST IN PEACE,
LOVE TACO.
[laughter]
- [laughing]
- BUT ONLY
IF IT'S REALLY HOT.
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN?
- JUST, IN THE WHOLE THING.
JUST--
[laughs]
- MANY LAYERS.
- COME ON, TELL ME
WHAT HAPPENED.
- OH, I FEEL AMAZING.
I'M GONNA START BOXING.
DID I TELL YOU
I USED TO BOX?
- NO.
- 'CAUSE I DIDN'T.
- [laughs]
- BUT I'M GONNA START NOW.
[both chuckle]
I'M GONNA KICKBOX.
WHAA-WHOO-WHAA.
- HEY, EASY, EASY,
MY DASHBOARD.
- SORRY. OKAY.
THANKS FOR THE RIDE.
- SEE YOU, MAN.
- OH, I FEEL LIKE
A MILLION BUCKS.
WHOO!
- [howls]
- [chuckles]
AHH.
OH, GIVE ME SOME.
NEW DAY, NEW MAN.
I FEEL LIKE A VIKING.
- [laughs]
- I'MA FEEL LIKE A VIKING.
I'MA FEEL LIKE A VIKING.
OH, WAIT.
I FORGOT TO ASK YOU.
DO YOU THINK IT'S WEIRD
THAT SHE HASN'T
CALLED OR TEXTED OR ANYTHING?
I MEAN, IT'S BEEN,
LIKE, THREE HOURS.
- GIVE ME THE PHONE.
- WHAT?
- GIVE ME THE DAMN PHONE.
- NO.
- GIVE ME THE
GODDAMN PHONE, JOHN,
BEFORE YOU RUIN ALL THE PROGRESS
YOU MADE TONIGHT.
- WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
- DON'T BE STUPID.
- GIVE ME YOUR PHONE, JOHN.
- NO, NO.
GET AWAY.
- YOU BETTER GIVE ME THAT PHONE.
YOU BETTER GIVE ME THAT PHONE!
- GET AWAY FROM ME.
- [laughs]
DON'T BE STUPID.
- [speaking gibberish]
- [laughs]
GIVE ME THE PHONE.
- [grunting]
- HEY!
[phone chimes]
- YOU THINK THAT WAS HER?
THAT WAS TOTALLY HER.